[Music]
Hello and welcome to another episode of
Jared's Not Funny. Today I have a very
special treat for you. Not sure if you
follow a lot on Tik Tok. I certainly do.
But there's been someone taking Rono by
storm or by piss. His name is the Rono
Pisser. Sir, thank you so much for
coming on the show.
>> It's a pleasure. Thank you for having
me.
>> Yeah, man. So, how long have you been
how long have you been doing the pisser
thing?
>> Uh, I think it has been three two or
three weeks. Um, started it in what's
today's September 20th? Yeah, it it
pretty much has been 3 weeks. Wow.
>> It's so fast.
>> So fast.
>> Yeah.
>> And and and I know that you've already
inspired so many.
>> Yeah, dude. Uh I think on my way here, I
hit like 4,000 followers.
>> Holy cow.
>> I have like DMs and DMs of just, you
know, collabs and like and other people
have made accounts. People have made
accounts looking for me. There's
Bodatat. There's Alagany. There's the
Hokeyp Pisser. Dude, it's insane.
>> That's That's incredible.
>> Yeah,
>> that's incredible. It's It's not very
often that you decide to do to do an
idea like this and you start to inspire
others.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what I mean?
>> It's it's it's a good or bad thing. It's
whatever you want to look at. I mean,
>> I think it's a great thing.
>> People getting out there,
>> you know, like I I think that I think
that outside feels better to take a
piss.
>> Yeah.
>> It just does. You know, we're men and
part of the best part about being a man
is you can go in the woods, you can
piss, you know, not everyone can do
that. We can.
>> Yeah. What What did it What did it feel
like uh on the video in the Rono Star?
Like that had to be something.
>> So, it was it was actually pretty
difficult. Um cuz the Rono Star is a
very popular spot and I wanted to get
there alone and the night I went it was
so busy. So, my original plan was I was
going to stand on the bench like right
in front of the star. Um, and I got
there and it was just so many people.
But I was like, uh, we're going to do
this tonight. Like, I'm not going to
wait on this. And I went under the star
where like the actual like construction
stuff is. I was like, okay, we're going
to do a video. It's going to look like
nothing. Like, it's going to look like
I'm peeing on cement right now. And
we're going to walk out there. Big
reveal star plus the overlook. And it
was it was amazing. I think that's like
one of my most popular so far.
>> I don't doubt it. Yeah,
>> cuz even I was like I was like, "Oh,
that's cool." And it even says big
reveal at the end and as soon as you
point up, I was like, "Oh, he did it."
Like, how do you top that? Right.
>> Yeah. Yeah, man. That that was the that
was the big one. And I think the
funniest comment on that was it was the
meme of like George Bush on 911.
Someone's like leaning him over. I think
that was the funniest thing in the
world. Had me Kagman for like 10
minutes. Absolutely. Yeah.
>> So, so you already said that u other
accounts have been made right now. You
are not the Rono Sentinel.
>> No, no, I am not the guy that is looking
for me. I have talked to the Ronach
Sentinel. There's there was three counts
that were like looking for me. And it
was the Rono Sentinel, the uh Pisser
Head Hunter, and
and it was like the the the Rono City
Hunter, something like that. And I I
talked to all three and dude, they
actually found like some of the guys
like like they we had a group. We have a
group of pissers there. There was a
group chat. Okay.
>> They they found like four of the guys in
the group chat.
>> Holy cow.
>> Yeah, they're they're not playing
around. They're nice guys. They actually
are really nice guys. Um but yeah, they
were they were messing with us a little
bit,
>> man. How do you even how would you even
start tracking you down? Like you know
what I mean? Like I don't I just don't
even I don't even know.
>> So it was it's the schools. A lot of the
other guys are are in like high school.
I'm not I'm like graduated, moved on.
>> Sure.
>> Um but yeah, a lot of these guys were in
high school and they were in the same
friend groups and stuff, so it just
started circling around and Yeah. Yeah.
>> Got it.
>> Yeah.
>> Got it. Um what's your what's your dream
piss? Like what's your dream? Like if
you if you had to pick like the number
one thing that you want to do like
bucket list
>> in Rono or like anywhere.
>> Oh, so both. Give me give me Rono and
then give me anywhere in the world.
>> I think in Rono if the Wells Fargo
building had roof access.
>> Oh,
>> that'd be phenomenal. Like entire city
you'd see it like it'd be great.
>> Oh yeah. Um, and then anywhere it would
be, dude, the Statue of Liberty.
>> Statue of Liberty in New York City.
>> Dude, heck yeah.
>> Nothing says liberty quite like taking a
piss.
>> Oh, yeah. It's freedom. Freedom. It is
freedom. 100%. Hell yeah.
>> It's my first amendment right.
>> So, the world wants to know um your
political views. Are you Republican or
Democrat? I want to know.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, um I'm actually I'm
actually
uh uh the best political party in the
entire world is is the dude from the
Lego movie
>> where he was like everything's awesome.
That's that's where I stand.
>> I love that.
>> Everything's awesome and great, but I
can't do an awesome Trump impression.
That is Yeah.
>> Oh, we need that. I know you're going to
your voice is going to be down and all
day.
>> I love the pisser very much. He's very
good. He takes the most scenic pisses of
all time.
>> I may have to take your voice off low
for that one. That was pretty damn good.
>> Yeah, you can. You have my permission.
>> Hell yeah.
>> No, but I I try to stay away from all
that, you know. Um
>> No, me too. Me, too. That's why I
brought it up cuz if you're going to
bring up political debate stuff, why not
do it with the pisser?
>> Oh, yeah. Oh, absolutely.
>> And is that okay? Like, is is that a is
that a good term? Like, is that a good
term to call you? Like, is it okay that
I call you the pisser or does that
vigilante, you know, hero, inspiration,
all of them. Yeah. I'm basically the the
LeBron Jordan of uh of, you know,
pissing on the street.
>> I I completely agree.
>> LeBron James. Oh my gosh. I said LeBron
Jordan.
>> You did. I just, you know,
>> LeBron James, Michael Jordan. I'm I'm
basically the goat of pissing.
>> Yeah.
>> I love that. Have you ever pissed on a
goat?
>> No. No, I haven't.
That would be that would be animal
cruelty. It's probably best that you
don't.
>> But still, I mean, you know, or like you
could piss over a goat.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> There's nothing.
>> I could have like a goat in the shot.
>> Yeah. And besides that, goats eat
everything and they they're not piss
They piss on the ground.
>> And they piss on themselves, I'm sure.
Yeah.
>> I'm not worried about that. They have
hooves.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Big time.
>> Doesn't even matter. Um,
is it important that like whenever
you're out there doing stuff like when
whenever you're out there making your
videos and and pissing all over Ronuk,
do you um do you like how important are
your socks? Like cuz you know you get
splash.
>> I hate wet socks. Me too.
>> It's like top three worst things in the
world. Um, wet socks
and I hate snoring. Snoring is is also
top three worst things in the world. Um
yeah but but normally with with my angle
I can get like a good angle you know
pros think about this it's like you know
physics you got to calculate the angle
of course power and the and the flow
rate you know
>> absolutely
>> yeah you know people don't get how like
actually physics intensive it is for a
guy to pee you know
>> it's very scientific
>> yeah yeah
>> so is there anyone that inspired you to
do this or was it just
>> um so I I didn't start the trend. Um, it
it started with the Dexter Resurrection
series, right?
>> Okay.
>> Um, and I remember when that was hitting
TikTok and I was like, maybe I should,
you know, rewatch all of Dexter cuz I
actually love the show. I'm a big fan of
the show. I've watched all of the
things. Um, only thing I haven't made it
through yet is Original Sin, but I love
the show. I've seen Dexter, New Blood,
Resurrection,
and then I saw like
I forget which school it started at, but
it was like um school a few states away
and and it was a guy going around and
blah blah blah. And um and then I saw
RU. So the RU pisser came before me. He
only has like three videos, but he came
before me and I I first idea I had was
like I searched up Rona Pisser. nothing
came up and I like I I twirled my my
evil mustache and I was like, "Okay,
okay, we got this." And um dude, I it
was that night I was I was on the roof
of this big parking garage next to the
the Currillian School, if you know it.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Yeah. And I was like, "Let's start it.
Let's let's start it." And the rest is
history. Um I did like three videos a
night for like four nights and just blew
up. just absolutely blew up.
>> Three weeks later, you were LeBron.
>> Three. Yeah. Three weeks later, um I'm
LeBron Jordan.
>> 100%.
>> Yeah.
>> That's awesome. That's awesome. Where's
your favorite place to have done a video
so far? Like besides this, I know the
star was big time, but like favorite one
thus far?
>> I like the center and the square. The
center and the square. The the roof
>> cuz I mean I'm a big night walker
anyways. I mean
>> it really didn't change my schedule. So,
I just, you know, it brought my my
attitude with me. Brought my hoodie. Um,
but yeah, I I I've gone I've gone up in
center and square on that rooftop so
many times, you know. It's just a great
place. Uh, and and it was a great video.
It was cuz you get the Wells Fargo tower
in there. You got the uh you got the
pretty much the whole like top layer of
the city in there.
>> I got you.
>> Um, Texas Tavern was also a good one
because the reaction to that one.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, everyone was like, you know, don't
dare don't you dare do Texas Tavern.
We'll find you. And I was like, okay,
I'm calling you out. We're making this
personal.
>> Absolutely.
>> Uh, do your parents know.
>> Do your parents know?
>> No, they don't know. Uh,
>> you Why not?
>> That'd be fun at family dinner. Hey,
hey, hey, ma. Hey, Dad. Guess what I've
been doing?
>> Hey, you you should be like, "Hey, look
at how many followers I have." And then
you'd be like, "You want to see some of
my content?"
>> Yeah. I I think I'm going to drop out of
college and become a full-time
influencer. And they'll ask, "Well, what
do you do?" Like, "I piss on the
street."
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> They'll be proud of me. They'll be so
proud of you.
>> That's what I'm If you were my son, I
would actually be super proud of you.
That's so creative. You know what I
mean? Like the creativity is off the
charts. That's
>> You know how people like, "Oh, my son's
a doctor." They're going to be like,
"Yeah, my my son pisses on the street."
>> But he has more views, more followers,
>> more views, more followers.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> That's So that's another thing. Um, I
didn't start the trend, but as far as
I'm aware, I have more followers than
the other pissing accounts.
>> Yeah.
>> I haven't seen one that has more than
4,000 followers.
>> Gotcha.
>> So, and and that's even like with with
Liberty University, all all the c all
the campus guys. I'm sure there's one,
but I'm I'm the biggest at least around
here.
>> Yeah. And you are a serial pisser.
>> Yeah. I I'm a serial like that's I've
done 15 hits. I haven't even only hit
Rono. Yeah,
>> dude. Lane Stadium has fallen to Made
It.
>> Oh, I didn't know you took out I didn't
know. I didn't know you took out Lane
Stadium.
>> So, I don't know if it was the last
game. It was the game where the coach
got fired at.
>> Oh,
>> and I made it into the student section.
I got into the student section and they
were all there and I like I did it real
quick. It was like the angle I was like
>> the coach got pissed on and then he
pissed on the fans.
>> Yeah,
>> that makes that's that's a great video.
>> Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
>> I'm gonna have to watch that one.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Yeah. You you also too your content like
you can just binge watch them all. Oh
yeah. Like for anyone who sees this
podcast, you know what I mean? Like you
can go on TikTok and you can make it
through the or you call this the first
season.
>> Oh yeah. First chapter for sure.
>> First chapter.
>> Chapter one.
>> You can go through chapter one in like
>> you know what, 10 minutes. Yeah.
>> And just and know you you know and see
the LeBron of of pissing.
>> It's my art. It's my my my drive, my
character. You take it very seriously.
>> Be on my gravestone.
>> I Yeah, I love I love just everything
about you cuz from the moment that I
talked to you, it was nothing but good
vibes because when I messaged you, I was
like, this guy isn't going to want to do
this, you know, but you hit me back
almost immediately.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> You know, and just was like, I'm totally
down. Let's do this. And that's another
thing, you know, uh my favorite part
about this whole thing is just so many
people are messaging me and so many
people are like like I'm genuinely
getting messages like, "Dude, you're
you're hilarious. You're an
inspiration." Like like stuff like that.
I'm like, "Thank you, man. That's
awesome. I love getting to know people."
Yeah.
>> Big optimist.
I I work with people. So, I mean, this
is not my only job. I I have I get paid,
but
>> Sure.
Um, but even in my job, I work with
people. I love getting to know people
and it's it's been a really cool
experience.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I just thought it was crazy when
you were like, "Yes." And I was just
like, man, like I could be a crazy
person with a sex dungeon, you know? I
could be. But, you know, that's why I
sent you some links to my videos, too.
But yeah, be careful out there in the
world of people, man. People are crazy.
But but I I love that.
>> I'm I'm Well, realistically, I'm also
one of the crazy ones. I am I am going
around.
>> Oh, that's true. That's true,
>> man. Oh, man. You just never know who
people are nowadays. Like, you really
got me thinking now. Like, h is one of
my friends the the Rono Sentinel or have
any of my friends been We've all been
pissers.
>> Yeah. I mean, we if you're a guy you've
pissed outside. That's
>> I mean, even ladies.
>> Yeah. Even Even ladies. Even ladies.
>> Yeah.
>> That one requires a little bit more. You
know, they they work harder than us for
sure.
>> That's a fact.
>> But yeah.
>> Yeah. It's a It's kind of We can just
shake it and get all the dreble off.
They just Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. They got to like do the
whole whole thing.
>> Yeah. But I I think though that it's
very important to say this is that
ladies, if you decide that one day you
want to be a pisser, you can do it.
>> I've met one. I've I've met one.
>> You've met one?
>> Yeah. So, uh
uh yeah, I won't say their username, but
one of the big pisters in the area is a
woman. Ooh,
>> it is a lady.
>> That's fantastic. See,
>> we we we met the DEI requirements. We we
are divine. We're reverse.
>> Hell yeah. Hell yeah.
>> Hell yeah,
>> dude. That's amazing.
>> Yeah,
>> that is amazing.
>> She's hilarious, too. She's She's She's
pretty funny.
>> Hell yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Have you ever Have you ever pissed on a
basketball court?
>> Um I thought about it. I thought about
it. I haven't yet. Um,
>> I just think it'd be fun for you like go
out there and like spell your name and
see if the Sentinel can, you know, pick
up the trail.
>> Well, I think I think um the Sentinel
and the Head Hunter, they don't know a
lot about me, but they do know my first
name. They do know my first name. I'll
give I give them credit. They're good
detectives. They they found out from
other people that knew me. They were
like, "Yeah, it went down the grape
vine." But they don't they don't know
anything else. They don't know anything
else.
>> Gotcha.
>> Yeah. still remain anonymous for the
most part.
>> Yeah. Well, the good news is I'm
terrible with names. I know that you've
already told me and I've already
forgotten it. So,
>> yeah. Um, it it's it's LeBron. Yeah.
Actually, that's that's my name. Yeah.
>> Makes sense. Makes sense.
>> Actually, actually, my name is my name
is Jared and I have a podcast and
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> It's true.
>> I'll just I'll just uh throw someone
else under the bus one of these days.
>> Yeah. Technically, I'm interviewing
myself in a hoodie.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> That's all that's happening right now.
It's two separate videos spliced
together and it's just that smooth.
>> That's it. That's it. That's why we
couldn't sit at the table.
>> Mhm. Mhm.
>> Um, so been doing the Ronote pisser
thing. I know that you had said
something about kind of like the
retirement thing, right? Like you said
something about retiring.
>> Yeah. So the last thing I posted it was
like this big spiel of of
this has grown a lot. This is this is a
big thing. And you know, I have a job.
Bye. I go to school. So, like I didn't
really want this to blow up like with
all these people looking for me, you
know? They they were on to me. I'll give
it to them. They're on to me. So, I was
like, maybe let's take a break. So, I
posted a retirement thing. I will say I
don't know how permanent that's going to
be.
>> Yeah.
>> I I People come out of retirement all
the time.
>> Yeah. I mean, Brett Favre did it like 19
times.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, like I mean I mean
>> how many times did we see Ric Flair
retire? I mean big time and he's still
kicking. He could go out there and have
a match right now.
>> Yeah. Jim Carrey said he was retired,
came back and did sign.
>> Yeah, dude.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh so I think it's too early. I think
it's too early. I mean, do you think
right now you're inducted into the
Pisser Hall of Fame?
>> Uh I I think I think just by views alone
I I got to be somewhere in there, but I
could always go bigger. You know,
>> Bergland Center, Valley View.
>> Um they they're on my list. Someone told
me to do the Kroger at Tangle Wood.
>> Yeah,
>> they were on my list, you know. Um,
>> Rono College. I never got the chance to
hit Ronoke College and I need to
>> That one That one's a big one.
>> That would be great
>> cuz I kept getting requests every video.
It' be like a different request and I'd
always like, you know, I think about
think about it. Top four, like top four
suggestions were Wells Fargo building.
>> Yeah. Um, Valley View, Bergland Center,
Rona College, big time.
>> Can I Can I make one more?
>> What?
>> Red Sox Stadium.
>> Yeah, that's a good one.
>> I think that one would be fun.
>> I was actually there for a game not too
long ago and Yeah. Yeah. Should should
have taken it then. I don't think I
don't think I was the pisser then.
>> Oh,
>> I I think that was a little bit before.
>> So So you were you had yet to rear your
ugly
>> Yeah. your ugly head on that.
>> I had I had yet to to channel my inner
me, you know.
>> Yeah. And and so you don't you don't
believe yourself to be a villain. You
are the hero. Technically the the the
guy who's looking for you, that's the
villain because you what you're doing is
inspiring people and bringing people
happiness, right? You're bringing laughs
to everyone.
>> Yeah. I mean I mean anti-hero villain.
You know the Joker's not that bad of a
guy, is he?
>> No. I just wanted to see where your
mental space was. It's like, you know,
some people would see that and be like,
I can't believe he's out there publicly
urinating. And then other people see it
and they're like, "This is freaking
amazing, dude."
>> I wouldn't call myself a hero. I would
say vigilante.
>> Okay. I'll say vigilante, dark
passenger. It's the same thing that
brought up with Dexter, you know? Is
Dexter a real bad guy compared to all
these people that he's taken out, you
know?
>> Yeah.
>> It's a throw up. It's a throw up, man.
>> Yeah. He he he is a serial killer, but
he's a serial killer of bad people who
would kill innocent people.
>> And they they they typically killed a
lot more than him or they were brutal or
they like did they took out kids, people
like that. You chase them down.
>> Yeah. And and you don't you don't take
out kids.
>> No, no, no, no.
>> Right. None of that.
>> Actually, I have a code. I have a strict
code. Um no schools that aren't like
higher education. So, no schools that
anyone under 18 attends.
>> Love that. No playgrounds. I stay away
from churches and like political
offices, you know, stuff like that.
>> Very smart.
>> Yeah. And then and then of course the
biggest one, you know, don't get caught.
>> Yeah.
>> Of course, you know, this is not really
getting caught. This is me volunteering.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> FBI is going to fly down a helicopter
outside. You know,
>> I was I was hoping you didn't think this
was a sting.
>> No. No.
>> But I mean, that's when you know that's
when you know you've done something.
>> Yeah. That's when you know you've done
something big. Yeah.
>> And I mean
>> I don't I don't think anything I'm doing
is illegal.
>> Who's going to convict you even if they
even there is you know what I mean?
>> I don't think they can. I think
>> I mean I mean first off the popular
opinion is it's water which I won't
confirm or deny.
>> But the second thing is is they can't
really prove that it's it's anything
illegal right
>> cuz it's all public property. It's all
you know it's all jokes and games. My
bio literally says this is satire. Don't
take it seriously. Where's the guy from
CSI going out there with a you know
exactly
being like
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Not sure what it is.
>> Um and it's it's just for laughs. It's
it's you know it's been a rough month
and I I feel like you know people could
use some laughs.
>> Absolutely.
>> And I I think I think it actually is a
lot of like outreach for the city. Like
like people are are seeing the places
they've been or or maybe places they
haven't been and they're like, "Oh my
gosh, let's go there." You know?
>> Yeah. Um,
>> I think it's hilarious that you're
putting Rono on the mat.
>> Yeah,
>> being the pizzer, dude. It's amazing.
>> Um, I I I love reading all the Twitter
posts and and like the Facebook and
Reddit posts and I remember the Reddit
post and he's like, if he doesn't stop
soon, he's legit going to like go down
and like Reno, he's going to be like a
small piece of Renault history.
>> Hell yeah, you will. You will. That's
why I say you can't retire now, man. I
get that you got a job, right? And then
I get that you got school and stuff like
that, but you know, you can you can
still do it.
>> I I don't think I'm going to retire. I
think I'm just going to take a step back
for a little bit and then come back.
>> Yeah. And and that'll give you an
opportunity, too, to like sharpen those
skills.
>> Oh, yeah. Big time.
>> Cuz anytime someone comes back, I mean,
it it's like, yes, you're leaving, but
it's more like it's more like if LeBron
was like, I'm stepping away for a
season, but I'm going to be going to the
gym every day.
>> Exactly. And and I I have some ideas of
of other stuff I could do. I thought
about like, you know, getting like a
nice like picture of me without my face
in it and like signing a a like a photo
frame and like leaving it in one of the
spots I've I've done.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And like, hey, if you want it, go and
find it. It's It's right here.
>> I thought that'd be cool. And I could do
one for every spot.
>> That's awesome.
>> Yeah. And on this doing this, I thought
this would be an awesome awesome like
posted on my I'll post it on my TikTok
and be like, "Go watch this."
>> Yeah, man. I love that. I love that
you're incorporing like you're
incorporating like a treasure hunt in
that.
>> Yeah,
>> dude. I'd go get it.
>> My my I love like I love treasure hunts.
I love like like fantasy stuff. I love
doing I love this whole thing, man.
>> Yeah, dude.
>> It's so fun.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> I mean, I've been like so busy with
school and work and all of this has just
given me like some time to step back and
just do something that makes me laugh.
>> Yeah. Can you take me through though?
Because like I a lot of people don't
experience the type of success that
you've had, right? Yeah.
>> Can you take me through just like like
the I I know you already said kind of
the timeline, but that feeling that you
got when you look down, did you like go
to sleep one night and it was like a 100
views and you wake up and it's like
30,000.
>> Yeah, man. So, the first the first the
first one it was it was already like an
a bigish trend, right?
>> Yeah. And um I I did the roof of the
parking garage and I was walking home uh
and man it it almost was immediate like
I started like feeling my phone my phone
vibrating. I got on there and it was
already comments like oh my gosh one hit
road we have one. Oh no. It was it was
like I was sitting in my bed for close
to an hour just like refreshing and
reading and I was cackling. It was it
was it was the funniest thing in the
world.
>> Oh yeah. And I went back and I did the
second night and it it's just it it was
like stairs. It was just one step. One
day and I kept going up and I still like
I'm passively going up now because it's
just it's just a thing now. And
>> yeah, you're in the algorithm now,
buddy.
>> Dude, it's it's insane. I I have two
accounts on there and I'll switch to my
my normal account and I'll see myself on
the f on the for you page. I'm like,
"Holy crap."
>> Hell yeah, dude. That's awesome.
>> Yeah,
>> that is awesome. Do you do you like your
own stuff?
>> Uh yeah. Yeah. Well, um
>> you got to like your own stuff.
>> I actually I I I don't because I want to
separate them. I want I I don't follow
myself on my other account cuz I I think
that'd be, you know, shady. I might now
because like it's 4,000 people. But
>> it's like if you're running for
political office, you vote for yourself.
It just doesn't
>> exactly. It's it's like, you know,
>> I maybe I will run for political office.
Marrono,
>> you should 100%.
>> I'll remain faceless. I just do this.
I'll do interviews like this.
>> Exactly. I think that's perfect.
>> And I feel like you would do a better
job than than any mayor that we could
ever ask for.
>> I will make peeing legal again. We We're
We're going to make peeing great again.
>> Yeah. You're already off to an absolute
great start.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Absolutely. So So this is I know this is
a trend. Are you a fan of any particular
one that is like is it is there like a
west coast, east coast type thing? Like
are there many on the west coast or is
this like an east coast trend?
>> Well,
I I think it's a little bit everywhere.
Okay.
>> Um at least at least in America
>> from what I've seen it it started
probably in the the New Yorkish area. Um
that's that's like where all the you
know I I saw some places in Boston and
and some places in um
>> would you imagine pissing in Finway?
Dude, I just keep on thinking of places.
>> I keep waiting for like a Harvard and
Yale one. I think that would go super
super hard.
>> That would be sick.
>> Um and I I don't think I've I've seen
anyone who's like strictly in
California, but I'm sure they just it's
it really is everywhere. And then I was
just like, "Okay, let's let's start
let's start one up and run up." And then
now the entire area has has at least
one.
>> Absolutely.
>> Every every county around here has at
least one.
>> Um there there's a guy that the Alagany
pisser he's getting a little too big for
his bridges cuz he he's trying to come
into my my territory, but
>> I'm I'm allowing it because like I said,
take a step back. So he'll cover what I
didn't you know.
>> I got you. And when you say that, you
were talking earlier about doing collabs
with people. What does that look like?
Are y'all like sword fighting or like
crossing your streams? You know, we've
always been taught don't cross the
streams.
>> The only collab I've done so far is with
the hokeyp pisser. Um went down to
Blackburg. It was a Thursday night and I
met the dude. He's actually really
funny. Um it's kind of we we kind of had
like one of these. We like chattered for
a little bit and then he took me around
campus and and we did like the Lane
Stadium. We did a bridge and and we did
cross the streams.
>> Yeah. Uh it was one of my videos was
like crossing streams the hokey pisser,
you know, it was in front of Lane
Stadium. And then of course I went back
again and this was not with the hokeyp
pisser. I went back again for the hokey
game and I got in. I got to the student
section. I was like boom.
>> Oh yeah. I used I used the dope sounds
for that one. I didn't I didn't use my
normal like Dexter. I used the surprise
[__]
>> Yeah, absolutely. No, that's awesome. I
got to look that one up. Yeah, I had no
idea that you hit Lane. So, you hit the
outside of Lane Stadium and then the
inside
>> and then the end and then the inside.
>> Oh, man. Double.
>> If I had my way, I would be on the
football field, but I don't think that's
legal.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Which I mean, why are we so
protective of that stadium when the
football team is playing worse than the
Cowboys?
>> Yeah, I actually would really like to
see your videos turn into how do you do
it? Like you you're going to start like
Mission Impossible. Like
>> I would love to get more complex with
>> getting into places.
>> Oh yeah, big time.
>> Like I can help you get into the Red Sox
stadium.
>> That's awesome.
>> Somehow someway we can make that happen.
Heck
>> yeah.
>> Yeah, I know that place inside and out.
So I could help you out there. Heck
>> yeah.
>> Yeah, man.
Yeah. Um, is there is there anything
you'd like to say to to any future
pissers that are thinking about, you
know, wanting to follow in your
footsteps?
>> Uh, do it, man.
>> Do it. Do it. It's it's I' I've had a
great time. And And if you want an
excuse to go around the city and just
just look at stuff or find new places
and then, you know, piss on them, I I
say do it. I say do it. Have you had any
uh have have you Well, first of all, do
you have a girlfriend?
>> Uh, no, not right now. Not at the
moment. I don't I don't have a Rita. Uh,
you know, I'm a bachelor. For any for
any of those those attractive ladies out
there?
>> Well, that was going to be my next
question is, have you had anyone message
you being like, "Oh, I'd like to go out
on a date with you."
>> Uh, I think I've had a few, but that's
that's where I play the careful card.
You know, if someone invites me to a
podcast, I'm there.
>> Sure.
>> But you're trying to go on a date.
That's a That's a
>> Yeah, no doubt. I mean, but what if it
was like super hot chick, she's on
TikTok, she's got like, you know, like n
90 videos to 100 videos, so you know
it's her. Are you going on that date?
>> Are you Are you Are you
>> I Yeah, probably. I probably would.
That's
>> Oh, you got to
>> like Yeah. Yeah. Like, so I'm like way
out of my league just like
>> What do they call a pisser groupy? A
poopy?
>> I don't.
>> No, no, I don't mess with poopers.
That's that's that's too far. But
No, I think I think that's a thing. It's
like that they call them [__]
>> There's pissers and then there's
[__] and then there's gooners and
people like go around and they'll like
they'll do the same thing I do, but
they're like I think I think they use
like mud or something or they'll use
like lotion bottles and they're like
>> a gooner.
>> Yeah,
>> I just sounds wrong. Just I just feel
>> that's what I said. I
>> I feel bad saying it.
>> What I do is it's clean. It's clean cut.
I'm there. It dries the next morning,
we're done.
>> Yeah. I mean, it's just
>> anything past that, that's past the
line.
>> Exactly. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> We got to have our code somewhere.
>> Do you do you ever before making a video
like the day before eat a lot of
asparagus?
>> I got to make it rancid.
>> Well, or Yeah. You probably stay away
from it, right?
>> Yeah. I don't want it to get tracked to
me. You know,
>> it makes sense.
>> Yeah. And and you know, people bring up
a good point, you know, in in Rono. I'm
probably not the only Roman pisser. I'm
just the only one that makes videos of
it.
>> That is true.
>> It was a funny story actually. I was on
my way to do one of my videos and I'm
like under his bridge and there's a guy
under this bridge. Drowsers completely
dropped to the floor
>> just it's it I got a great stream. He
had a great stream by the way. I gota I
got to give credit where credit's due.
Yeah. But I was I was like that's a real
Ronic Pisser.
>> Sometimes you just got to tip your cap.
Yeah.
>> You know what I mean?
>> Game respects game.
>> Yeah. Absolutely.
>> Absolutely.
>> Well, have you ever thought about live
streaming?
>> That was something that was brought up
to me. I mean, um, someone even invited
me on their live last night, but I was I
was sleeping.
>> Yeah.
>> And
>> I thought about it. I've thought about
it. I need to figure out like the actual
like techniques and whatnot, the
logistics, the
>> the Do I Do I live stream with a camera?
Do I just do audio? cuz if I do a
camera, people are probably going to be
able to find me, stream snipe me,
whatever it's called. But
>> yeah,
>> uh that might be one of the videos I
did. That might be like a big like
video.
>> Yeah. Have you ever considered uh
possibly taking a piss in a toilet?
>> Well, that's part of my that's part of
my ritual. I have to I have to pee in a
toilet before I go out.
>> Oh, okay.
>> It's it's it's part of the ritual. I get
on my hoodie, a black hoodie.
>> Oh, yeah. I have I have my hat that I
always wear and I use my own bathroom
and then I take to the streets.
>> I love that.
>> Yeah.
>> I've learned so much about this and I'm
very happy to because like I said, you
know, you what you're doing is inspiring
hilarity. It's it's you know, I get
nothing but joy from your videos, you
know, and having having my fiance run
into the room and be like, "Look at
this." You know what I mean?
>> And that's another thing. It's just the
amount of people that are just laughing
at it. amount of people that get fun
from it. I was at work the other day and
one of the guys I work with, he he
brought it up to me
>> and I was like, really? That's like the
the funniest thing I've ever seen.
That's that's that's hilarious.
>> Let's go.
>> Like people I I have no idea. And
they're bringing it up to me and I'm
just like that's pretty cool. I'm I have
a large reach and I mean, you know, it's
people in Ronic know me. They they know
who the Roman pisser is and it's it's
cool.
>> Yeah,
>> it's very cool.
>> Yeah. But you're flying under that radar
and when people
>> flying under that radar,
>> people are coming to you being like,
"Dude, this guy's amazing." And you're
like,
>> "He certainly seems like it. He
certainly seems like
>> he sounds super handsome." I I bet he's
got like a fourack, man.
>> Yeah, man. No homo. You're a good-look
cat, you know? Like,
>> thank you. Thank you.
>> Like, ladies,
>> I don't got that beard, though. That
beard is
>> I appreciate that.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's it's it's fake.
You glue it on.
>> Yeah, dude. I just uh trim my pubes and
you know I I should start a new trend.
>> You watch You watch uh Peacemaker. Do
you dye your beard?
>> Oh, yeah. I I would love to dye my
beard. My fiance says she likes the gray
in it, which I think makes her kind of a
little strange.
>> I don't know. I feel like gray is like
It's like, you know, official, you know?
>> It's
>> people like a little gray. They look
elegant.
>> I guess. Yeah. I guess it shows that,
you know, I got some age on me. Yeah.
>> You know what I mean? That's that's the
way I feel about it, you know? Like I
look in the mirror and I'm just like,
"Damn it, another one." You know, like I
remember grabbing and like pulling any
of that I saw and then, you know, when I
met my fiance, I had like, you know, 50
and and she was like, "Leave them. They
look great." I was like, "I'm about to
die this month." You know, like
>> I'll say I'm a little bit younger. I
probably already have a few
>> a few grays. Yeah. Oh, I know. I know.
And I don't understand like you younger
guys, man. No, no joke. like guys who
are younger than me balding and getting
gray very very young.
>> Well, I I think I'm genetically cooked.
I also think I just picked one of those
career and college paths that's just
going to it's just work all the time,
you know?
>> Yeah.
>> I I'm not going to give any specifics.
I'm in the healthcare business.
>> Okay.
>> So, um I'm I'm doing all that stuff and
wow, man. I I love it. I love it. It's
great. It's the best career. Um but man,
it's it's been a lot of work.
>> Yeah. And that's kind of why I I love
doing this so much because it gives me
something else to do.
>> Yeah. Well, and judging by your stream,
you are pretty healthy.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's always clear. I
hydrate.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, if you're
listening, water.
>> Hydration. Hydration.
>> That is the key.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. To happiness. You know, your body.
Listen. Listen to your body.
>> No. You know what I need to do? I need
to get off soda. I need to stop drinking
soda.
>> Oh, I think that's everyone.
>> Yeah.
>> Nothing. What's your favorite soda?
>> Um, so I don't like it's it's really
whatever's there, you know. Um, I love
Pepsi. Um, I like Coke. Um, Dr. B or
sorry, Dr. Pepper and Mr. Pib I feel
like is is a big argument point.
>> Uhhuh.
>> I I like them both. I will take a good
Mr. Pib. Like I go to Chipotle a lot.
Yeah.
>> They got Mr. Pib there, not Dr. Pepper.
And um I'll take it, man.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Benny Maronei, same thing.
Oh, Benny Maroneies is a good
restaurant.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Do you guys have one in uh here?
>> Yeah. Yeah, downtown Reno.
>> Really? Oh, well, I know the one in
downtown Reyno, I thought. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, that's the one I go to.
That's the only one I know of around
here.
>> Um but yeah, that they're a they're you
know, they got Mr. Pib and uh what's the
other one? Uh Star instead of Sprite.
And I will say there is there is a
difference.
>> There's a difference in Star and Sprite.
I like Sprite more than Starry.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And then I'm more of a uh I
guess it's barks root beer as opposed to
mug.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know what it is. It's better
>> there. I like ginger ale.
>> Oh, I love dude. Ginger ale is my go-to.
>> Yeah,
>> that is my go-to. I drink a lot of
tequila
>> and uh you know I utilize ginger ale a
lot as my as my secondary. Yeah. Heck
yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> So So up to this point, right? I know I
don't want to get super personal with
you, but up to this point, is the Rono
Pisser Tik Tok account, do you consider
that to be your greatest achievement
thus far in your life?
>> In my life, no, absolutely not.
>> I got you.
>> But it's it's it's something I'm proud
of. It's something I'm proud of.
>> Um I think I'm a special case. I I've
just done a lot in my life. You know,
back in high school,
>> um I was I was a big time theater kid,
surprisingly enough. I I did I did a lot
of plays, a lot of musicals.
>> Okay.
>> Um yeah, ladies, I can sing, by the way.
Oh [__]
>> Um and then after high school, I I got
into the workforce and I went into
college and I've just been doing so many
awesome things in like the healthc care
field.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so I I wouldn't really consider, you
know, the wrong pisser is my greatest
achievement per se.
>> Sure.
>> But it's it's something that I'm proud
of. It's some dad lure that I'm gonna
tell my kids.
>> Hey, hey kids, you want to know about
that time that your dad went famous for
pissing on the street?
>> Yeah, I feel like it could all come full
circle, man. I really do. I think it
could come full circle as like
eventually one day when you say, "You
know what? Enough is enough. I do need
to retire." You retire, but there's a
long enough story then to where you can
actually write a play.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I think that would be
awesome.
>> I'll write a musical. There'll be a
show.
>> Let's go, dude. We'll do a documentary.
We'll do a TMZ documentary.
>> I think I I think you're on your way to
it.
>> I think I think James Gunn should hire
me to be like a a villain in Batman.
>> Dude, you would be better than 99% of
any of the villains.
>> Uh James Gun, you should you should make
the Rono Pisser a Batman bad guy
>> for sure.
That would be awesome. Yeah. Are you DC
guy? Do you like DC Marvel? I like them
both, but I am picking DC more than not.
Especially with James Gun now.
>> Yeah,
>> I like DC comics more than I like Marvel
comics. I see the Avengers poster over
there. No hatred to Marvel. I also like
Marvel, but my whole thing is
>> every single member of the Justice
League is an Avengers level threat, but
not every Avenger is a Justice League
level threat. M
>> so like like the Flash and you know
Aquaman and Superman and Wonder Woman
even Batman like if you take those guys
by themselves
>> Yeah.
>> they're probably an Avengers level
threat.
>> I could see that.
>> Yeah.
>> On the other hand, I mean the Avengers
got some good guys. Hulk insane, you
know, Captain America super strong. Thor
like Black Widow, Hawkeye. Yeah. They're
they're not they're not taking the
Justice League.
>> It would No. And it would have to be e
even with the two of them, they're
getting they're getting smashed.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> 100%. Yeah. It just wouldn't even be
much of a
>> I never thought of it that way.
>> Yeah. But but I think Marvel has more
movies right now. I think that's going
to change with James Gunn cuz I just he
everything he touches is gold. But man,
I think that
the the cuz I remember, man, I remember
going to watch all those Marvel movies
as a kid and it was it started with Iron
Man and it it ended with, you know,
Endgame and I remember seeing that in
theaters and dude that was
>> it was such an original like thing at
that time to build that story that kind
of way. I just I loved it. I love
superheroes.
>> I I'm a big superhero guy. I love them.
And dude, they they've kind of been like
the driving force of like everything I
like.
>> I love that. Yeah, man.
>> I love that. Yeah. No, I was that's
that's the reason why the Marvel thing
is up there for, you know, for that. I
actually I also love DC, but I love DC
uh in a different way because DC did a
uh video game with Mortal Kombat, which
I love Mortal Kombat.
>> Oh, yeah. So DC verse Mortal Kombat and
I just became a big DC nut over that
just because you know uh my favorite you
know my favorite's Mortal Kombat but
then we have DC characters fighting them
and that was a lot of fun.
>> My favorite DC game if you've played
them is the three Arkham trilogy games.
>> Yes,
>> the Asylum City and Knight are they are
the three they're almost the three
greatest games of all time. The only
thing I'd like put to rival them is like
Red Dead Redemption 2.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Um Far Cry 5 and I love me some Hell
Divers, too.
>> Oh,
>> love me some Hell Divers,
>> dude. I love it, too. It's just man to
go in like you're you're stuck in that
game whenever you play it. You you're
about to you're about to donate 3 to 5
hours.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Because you know, you go in like a 20
minute mission is nothing
>> big time. Yeah. you know,
>> if if you want like a genuine like play
like I can pick it up and put it down
pretty easily because I'll just do like
I'll run solo medium and I'll just do
like two or three two or three and um
but if I'm playing with a group there uh
that's a that's a threehour commitment
at least. That's a let's get some stuff,
man.
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah.
>> Hell yeah.
>> Well, hey, listen. I greatly appreciate
your time today.
>> Of course, man.
>> This has been awesome to meet you.
>> Thank you. This is my first podcast I've
ever done. This is awesome.
>> Let's go. Yeah, you heard it here first
from the Rono Pisser. Hey, once again,
I'm Jared Christensen with Jared's Not
Funny, and you have just had an
interview with the Rono Pisser,
>> the one and only.
>> Let's go. The LeBron Jordan.
>> Yeah, LeBron Jordan.
>> Hell yeah. All right. Well, y'all have a
wonderful rest of your day.
Heat.
[Music]